Fixes #65 : Eclipse loot adding media (#70)
comp129/comp55: docs/labs/EclipseLoot.md

  which some people prefer to make it faster.
  To do this,
  *right-click* the project and select *Close*
  
    ![Closing_EclipseLoot](https://github.com/comp129/comp55/assets/148159945/7b00a40e-a86f-40e1-bcec-4bcb9fa9e8dc)

>         Figure: Closing Tabs and Package Explorer can help keep one's workspace clean. Not only that, but it can help
>            with being productive with classes currently being worked on and is a way to effectively close tabs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > Closing Tabs and Package Explorer can help keep one's workspace clean.
        > Not only that, but it can help with being productive with classes currently being worked on
        > and is a way to effectively close tabs.
```

  but leaves its directory, files, etc.
  intact out in the filesystem.
  I would recommend you close instead of remove.
  
    ![Removing_EclipseLoot](https://github.com/comp129/comp55/assets/148159945/1848723a-3e5e-4e42-9fe9-4e14ded1e3fe)
  

>         Figure: Removing projects from Eclipse is a key way to keep one's workspace clean and helps with navigating through
>           Package Explorer without scrolling to find projects, classes, etc. In addition, we recommend to not "Delete Content
>           From Disk" since it helps keep one's workspace clean without the nerve of losing progress when it is located in your filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        > Removing projects from Eclipse is a key way to keep one's workspace clean and helps with navigating through
        > Package Explorer without scrolling to find projects, classes, etc.
        > In addition, we recommend to ***uncheck*** the option *Delete Content From Disk*
        > since leaving the project helps keep one's workspace clean without risking losing any progress since it stays on your computer.
```

is adding an ```if``` statement to your code specifically to help you debug,
something that says

>     if (i == 67) {

Reviewer: please reset this to be enclosed in a java code block again

Author: I reset it, but the majority of checks get denied with this change
